IMPORTANT: Daybook Enterprise is licensed by Clearday Software Ltd to customers for their use only according to the terms and conditions set out below. Use of this product indicates acceptance of these terms. If you do not agree with the terms of this licence, do not use this product. By continuing to install Daybook you undertake to pay Annual Licence fees charged at Clearday Software Rates current at the time for as long as the product remains installed by you.	This Agreement is B E T W E E N:	 	 (1) Clearday Software ltd whose registered office is at 62 Brimmers Way, Aylesbury HP19 7HQ (hereinafter "Daybook" which shall include its successors, subsidiaries, agents and assigns) and the company, person or organisation installing this Software ("the Client")	 	 THE PARTICULARS	 1 The Software: Daybook Enterprise	 2 Current Release: Version 7 3 Date of Installation: The later of (i) The date on which Daybook issued to the client a licence number and validation code for the Software (ii) The date on which such codes were entered into the Software (iii) the date on which the Software received Online Authorisation from Clearday Software Ltd.	 4 Basic Support help-line address: support@daybook.co.uk	 5 Urgent Support address: support@daybook.co.uk	 6 The Daybook web-site address: www.daybook.co.uk	 7 Initial Charge: As separately agreed with Daybook, payable within seven days of invoices being raised by Daybook. It consists of the purchase price of the software, giving the right to install it.	 8 Annual Licence Fee: As separately agreed with Daybook, not to equal less than 20% per annum of the current retail price as specified in the company's price list. Payment of this fee entitles the user (i) to a Licence for the year in question and (ii) to 5 email based incidents of basic support for that year. In the event of payments being made by the Client or requested by Clearday Software for less than the full Annual Licence Fee, the licence granted may be deemed by Clearday Software ltd to be reduced pro rata.	 9 Additional Support Charges: As Agreed with the client at a rate that is specified on quotation.	 	 THE PARTIES HEREBY AGREE as follows:	 	 1. DEFINITIONS	 In this Agreement the following terms shall (save where the context may otherwise dictate) have the following meanings:	 "Acceptance Tests" means tests designed by the client to demonstrate that the Software provides all material facilities and functionality, as described in the Documentation; "Basic Support" means the level of service described in Clause 6.1; "Contract Period" means any period of one-year commencing from an anniversary of the date of completion of the Acceptance Tests of the Software; "Current Release" means the most recent of (i) the version of the Software as supplied by Clearday Software Ltd to the Client from time to time and (ii) the version of the software that can be downloaded from the Clearday website; "Documentation" means current operating manuals and other published technical notes provided by Clearday Software Ltd or published on the Clearday website describing how to use the Software, and its functions; "Licence" means the right to use the Software; "Licensed Material" means the software, support software or documentation or any part of any of them; "Support Software" means any support or diagnostic software that Clearday Software Ltd may provide to the client pursuant to this agreement; "Target Date for Completion of Acceptance Test" means seven (7) days after Software has been installed; "the equipment" means the Client's computer in respect of which the Licence is granted pursuant to Clause 2.2; "the Initial Period" means one year from the date of completion of the Acceptance Tests Software; "the Location" means the Client's work offices; "the Maintenance Services" means the maintenance services to be provided by Clearday Software ltd under this Agreement; "the Software" means the computer programme identified in the particulars; "the annual licence fee" means the periodic amount set out in the particulars; "Use" means to load the software into and store, run and display the software on equipment at the location in accordance with the terms of this agreement; "Urgent Support" means the level of service identified in Clause 6.2. ; "Online Authorisation" means any automated process effected over the internet whereby a Licence number validation code or other information which has the effect of instigating a valid licence on the clients system is transferred to the clients system. product remains installed by you.	2 INTRODUCTION	1 Clearday Software is authorised to licence and support the software, which the client has selected to run at the above Location.	2 The client accepts a non-exclusive, non-transferable Licence to use the Software at the location on the equipment by the number of workstations permitted for use.	3 Clearday Software grants to the client a non-exclusive, non-transferable Licence and undertakes to support the software all upon the terms and subject to conditions contained herein.	4 The Licence entitles the client to load, install and use the Software in accordance with Clause 5 of this agreement.	5 The parties agree that only Clearday Software shall provide maintenance services in respect of the Software.	6 The Licence to use the software is granted annually upon payment of all outstanding Annual Licence Fees as well as the Initial Charge. The period over which the Licence is granted may be reduced in accordance with (8) of the Particulars above.	3 DELIVERY AND INSTALLATION	1 The Client shall ensure that the Equipment is installed and fully operational at the location prior to installation of the Software,	2 Not less than fourteen days before the date of installation of the software the Client shall provide Clearday Software in writing with all relevant technical details relating to the equipment.	3 Clearday Software Ltd shall within seven days of the receipt of such information, provide to the Client such information relating to such preparatory work as shall reasonably be required to be completed by the client at the location.	4 The client shall complete the preparatory work specified under clause 3.1 before the date of installation of the software.	5 The date agreed for installation of the software is an estimate only and time shall not be of the essence in respect thereof. If an agreed payment schedule provides for payment of the whole or any part of the initial charges before the date of installation of the software, Clearday Software Ltd shall be entitled to delay installation until such payment shall have been made.	6 The Client shall make available to Clearday Software Ltd all such appropriate and reasonable facilities and appropriately qualified staff as shall be necessary for Clearday Software Ltd to effect installation of the Software.	7 The Client shall reimburse to Clearday Software Ltd all travelling accommodation and related expenses reasonably incurred by Clearday Software Ltd in respect of those employees or consultants of Clearday Software Ltd attending the location toinstall the software or do work in connection with it after installation. Clearday Software Ltd shall be entitled to charge an additional fee in respect of administration.	4 ACCEPTANCE TESTS	1 The client will be deemed to have accepted the software on the target date for completion of acceptance tests unless otherwise agreed in writing by the client and Clearday Software Ltd.	2 The client shall carry out acceptance tests and on successful completion shall accept the software and promptly inform Clearday Software Ltd of such acceptance.	3 If the software fails to pass the acceptance tests by the target date for completion of acceptance tests, the client shall within seven days inform Clearday Software Ltd in writing to the Registered Office, with the words "FAILURE OF ACCEPTANCE TESTS" prominently displayed at the top of the letter, giving a full description of the alleged defect found in the Software. Such Acceptance Tests shall then be repeated after such period as Clearday Software shall reasonably require to enable the parties to evaluate and if necessaryeliminate any alleged problems.	4 If the Software shall fail to pass any of the acceptance tests repeated pursuant to clause 4.3, and if Clearday Software Ltd fail to rectify the alleged problems within fourteen days thereafter, the Client shall then have the right to give notice to Clearday Software Ltd within seven days thereafter to terminate this Agreement and: (i) to reject the software (ii) to be relieved of any obligation to pay any further installments pursuant to the particulars and (iii) to require Clearday Software ltd to repay and installment of the initial charges previously paidThis agreement shall terminate on the giving of any notice by the client to Clearday Software ltd pursuant to this This clause 4.4.	5 The Client shall be deemed to have accepted the software: (i) on the target date for completion of acceptance tests if the software fails to pass all the acceptance tests, as a result of any act omission or default on the part of the client, including failure to comply with the provisions of clause 3, or (iii) on expiry of the seven days specified in clause 4.4, if the client, having the right to do so, has not served on provide Clearday Software Ltd notice in accordance with clause 4.4 within the said period, or (iv) on the date that the client first uses the software for any purpose other than to prepare or carry out acceptance tests.6 Clearday Software Ltd shall give the client such assistance as it shall reasonably request in order to design content and performance of the acceptance tests.	7 The Client shall provide provide Clearday Software Ltd such information about the acceptance Tests as it shall reasonably require, and shall make adjustments to such acceptance Tests as Daybook shall reasonably require.8 The Client shall provide Clearday Software Ltd with reasonable notice of the time and date that acceptance tests are to be carried out, and shall permit its representative(s) to attend them.5 USE OF SOFTWARE	1 Subject to the provisions of clause 5.2, the client shall have the right to use the software at the location on the Equipment, and Clearday Software Ltd shall be obliged to support the software only at the location and (while the equipment is inoperable at the location) at any pre-specified disaster recovery site.	2 The Client shall have the right to install the software on equipment of the same type and configuration as the equipment at a disaster recovery site in the same country as the Equipment, and the Client shall be permitted to use the Software on the said equipment without any additional payment to Cleaday Software Ltd while the equipment is inoperable at the location. Without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing Clearday Software Ltd shall not have any liability under Clause 13 hereof in connection with such use.	3 The Client shall have the right to use the licensed material only for processing its own data for its own internal business use.	4 The client may make up to two backup copies of the software for the purposes of prudent contingency planning and use in equipment at a disaster recovery site only. The client may not permit others to make any copies of the licensed Material.	5 The Client shall not translate, adapt, vary or modify the licensed material or transfer (by licence, loan, rental, sale or otherwise) all or any part of the licensed material to any other person.	6 The client shall not, nor permit others to decompile, reverse engineer or disassemble the software or support software or any part thereof.	7 The Client shall effect and maintain adequate security measures to safeguard the licensed material from unauthorised access, use or copying.		6 MAINTENANCE SERVICES	During the continuance of this agreement Clearday Software Ltd shall use its reasonable endeavours to provide the client with the following levels of maintenance services and shall complete the said services as soon as reasonably practical after commencement:	1 Basic Support. The Client can send an e-mail request to Daybook's help-line and on Mondays to Fridays (excluding public holidays) between 0900 and 1730 - Cleardays' support staff shall use their skills and know-how to answer by e-mail each such request within a reasonable time.	2 Urgent Support. In respect of: (i) any Basic Support request from the Client that Daybook has notacknowledged within 24 hours (or the equivalent thereof after any week-end or holiday period), and (ii)any other problem for which the Client is urgently in need of a remedy, the Client may send a second e-mail to Cleardays' help-line (with a copy also to be sent to Daybook Urgent Support Line) headed "FAO the Daybook Support Supervisor - URGENT". Upon receipt, Clearday Softwares' most experienced available support staff shall use all reasonable endeavours to remedy that problem to the Client's reasonable satisfaction.	3 Debugging, including the correction of critical errors or assistance to overcome specific softwareproblems: Clearday Software Ltd may in its sole discretion correct such errors by issuing a new version to the Client.	4 Information on availability of new versions of software shall be sent to the client's email address.		 8 NEW SOFTWARE RELEASE1	8 DURATION OF MAINTENANCE SERVICES	 Maintenance Services shall commence on the date of completion of acceptance tests of the Software, shall continue for the initial period and shall remain in force thereafter unless or until terminated by either party giving to the other not less than 3 clear months' written notice of termination expiring on the last day of the current contract period.	 	 9 ADDITIONAL SUPPORT AND ENHANCEMENT	1 Clearday Software Ltd offers to perform additional support and enhancement of the software in accordance with the provisions of any separate agreement between the parties.	 2 Clearday Software Ltd shall charge the client separately for services requested by the client and performed which are not covered by this agreement at rates to be notified by Clearday Software Ltd.	 10 ANNUAL LICENCE FEE	 1 The Client shall pay the Annual Licence Fee in advance upon receipt of Cleardays' invoice without any deduction or set off.	 2 If an annual licence fee for any period has not been received by Clearday Software Ltd by the first day of that period, Cleardays' duty to provide support and services hereunder shall be suspended until such payment has been received for the period concerned, while this agreement shall otherwise remain in full force and effect.	 3 The client shall pay additional annual licence fees in respect of additional users and modules sold by Clearday Software Ltd to the Client during a contract period until the last day of the current Contract Period at an annual rate that shall not be less than the higher of £250 and 25% of the list price for the additional users or modules.	 4 The client shall pay the annual licence fee and charges for other services by direct debit.	 5 Annual Licence Fees and Additional Support Charges are subject to annual review upon 90 days' prior written notice from Clearday Software Ltd and are subject to variation upon issue to the Client of enhanced versions of the Software or upon other changes in the Schedule particulars. Such increase shall affect this agreement upon expiry of the period of notice in the case of annual review and immediately in any other case unless the Client has notified Clearday Software Ltd within such period that it wishes to exercise its right to terminate.	 6 In the event of any increase in annual licence fee by more than 10% over any consecutive period of twelve months the Client may give notice to Clearday Software Ltd of its wish to terminate this agreement. This agreement shall thereupon be terminated with effect from the last day of the current contract period (without affecting any accrued obligations).	 7 All charges referred to in this agreement are exclusive and net of taxes, duties or other such additional sums charged thereon by any competent authority.	 	 11 OTHER SERVICES (WHICH SHALL BE CHARGED SEPARATELY)	 1 Site visits requested by the Client in connection with normal Maintenance Services.	 2 The provision of advice or the checking of data, arising out of a request for maintenance services, but which are not in themselves maintenance services.	3 Support of other software, accessories, or attachments, machines, systems or other devices not supplied by Clearday Software Ltd nor listed in the schedule.4 Support of any version of the software other than the current release.5 Rectification of lost or corrupted data arising for any reasons other than Clearday Softwares' negligence.6 support rendered more fifficult because of any changes alterations, additions, modifications or variations to the software(not made by Clearday Software ltd) or macros.7 Training on the software in excess of that specified in paragraphs 1-5 of the Particulars, and consultancy on the configuration, set up and operation of the Software.	8 Attendance to faults caused by using the software outside its design or other specifications, or the provisions laid down in any documentation issued in respect of the software.	9 Diagnosis and/or rectification of problems not associated with the software, including incorrect use or operator error, fault in the equipment or in any programmes used in configuration with the current release.	10 Diagnosis and/or rectification of problems due to incorrect configuration of software preferences,		